chore: use prepare instead of create (#101)
superfaceai/docs: docs/guides/create-new-use-case.md

Use the `--help` flag for more options and examples:

```shell
superface prepare:profile --help
```

:::

The CLI creates `use_case_name.supr` file in current directory and links to it from the `superface/super.json`.

> The new profile will contain some example contetn and it will look similarly to this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly created profile will contain some example content, and it will look like this:
```

:::

### Add exmples {#examples}

> It is good practice to add examples showing possible input and outcome of use case. You should provide at least one example of success response and one example of error. Examples starts with keyword `example` followed by name of example. Name of example should specify type of example eg. `Success` or `Fail`. After name input values are defined followed by outcome (`result` or `error`). Structure of `input` and `result` or `error` is defined by rest of the use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is good practice to add examples showing possible inputs and outcome of the use case. You should provide at least one example of a success response, and one example of an error. Examples start with the `example` keyword, followed by the name of the example. The name of an example  should specify its type, eg. `Success` or `Fail`. Inside the `example` block, input values are defined, followed by the outcome (`result` or `error`). Structure of `input` and `result` or `error` is defined by the rest of the use case.
```

Thoughts about "example block"?
